The funny thing about Bangalore rain is that even though it causes traffic headaches, creates mini lakes of filthy water everywhere and invites an army of malaria-carrying mosquitoes, it's still beautiful and we don't mind even if it rains almost everyday. :') 
A woman is traveling in a BMTC bus. A man stands close to her and touches her inappropriately. The woman is troubled but she doesn't know what to do. Another man sees what's happening and loudly objects. Soon other men in the bus join, the driver halts the bus, and the conductor returns the ticket money to the man who had harassed the woman and gets him to leave the bus. After this all the men apologize to the woman for what she'd been through. Moral of the story - men are not dogs; perverts are. 
70 wickets in 7 matches! :') Thank God it wasn't 69 wickets or the Censor Board might've banned even the Indian cricket team due to "vulgarity". :p #IndvsBan 
To all people who think that rape is the fault of the victim, that women should take care of the way they dress, that women are inferior to men: you people are the most arrogant, egocentric, garbage-minded lumps of crap in the entire universe! (I can't use *proper* English, or the Indian government might ban this too! :p ) Happy International Women's day! :D 
The politicians barked "#AIB ban! #Beef ban! #Nirbhaya documentary ban! #FiftyShadesOfGrey ban!!" The common man wondered when they would scream "Rape ban! Illiteracy ban! Caste ban! Corruption ban!!" He decided to talk to his friends about this. But then the politicians banned him too. When his friends spoke out, they were banned too. But by then the entire nation was speaking out. Then the politicians realized: silencing one voice only instigates a thousand other voices to speak out. India, they learnt, could not be banned. 
Recipe to make heaven: Bangalore rain + cup of steaming coffee + two fat pillows + free WiFi from an unknown network. :D 
The ironies of India: poets in engineering colleges, fashion designers studying medicine, science-freaks in economics courses, and Rahul Gandhi in politics. :( 
Yayyy! India won!! Thank you Anushka Sharma! ???? 
Basically why some Indian politicians and godmen hate #ValentinesDay: Dear couples in love, While we have nothing against love, we don't like seeing couples in love (because we're a bunch of sexually frustrated men with serious issues). Valentine's day is a Western invention so we hate it (though we always eat at KFC & McDonald's). So if we see you out tomorrow holding hands or going on dates, we'll marry you to each other (because shaadhi means everything, right?). So just go home and study those fat text books of yours (while we go to the theater and watch 'Fifty Shades of Grey'). Best wishes, "Guardians of Indian Culture." ???? 
No amount of Modis, Rahuls or Bedis could stop the Muffler Man! ?? #AAP ki baar: #Kejriwal sarkar! P.S. - Apparently Aryabhatta called Congress to thank them for honoring his invention. ?? 
The way Rahul Gandhi is campaigning in Delhi, it seems as if Congress will be defeated by the combined efforts of Arvind Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi! :p 
Welcome to India again, Mr Obama!! Our nation might not be as big as yours, as clean as yours, or as skyscraper-filled as yours ... but we're a united nation inspite of several religions and countless castes, one billion strong, where each Indian has infinite aspirations. So watch out for us. Oh, and also, we have Rajnikanth. So we win! XD #HappyRepublicDay 
Terrorists kill 12 people at the headquarters of a magazine in Paris because it printed some anti-religious cartoons. Dear bloodthirsty, brain-dead terrorists, an omnipotent, all-powerful being like GOD should be able to take a damn joke without being offended. #CharlieHebdo 
We'll stay awake to welcome New Year's Day Declaring "This'll be my year come what may!" And when the clock strikes 12 we'll all say: "Goodbye dear 2014, but 2015 is here to stay!!" As we drink and feast on everything in our way. :p 
New Year's Day Resolution 2015: to accomplish New Year's Day Resolution 2014 - open a blog, write more, and talk less. :3 (Thanks for the "inspiration", Srikar and Deepika ;) ) This is an article (short and sweet) about the 5 main events of this year. Do read it and let me know what you think! Thank you. :) 
Saw a Shiva temple with a Christmas tree placed at the entrance. Saare jahaan se accha, Hindustan humara! :') 
A *certain* politician said he wants to ban #Christmas because "Christmas is foreign, Santa is foreign, and Santa's chocolates are foreign." It's not everyday that we see politicians make fools of themselves. Oh wait - maybe we do see that everyday. -_- Happy holidays, everybody! :D 
You know the world is screwed up when people can kill 132 school-going children. #Peshawar 
Dear birthday, happy Rajnikanth! :p Can't believe Rajnikanth turned 64 today! #MakeDec12APublicHolidayForThalaiva :3 
It's easy to become a God in India. However, we worship our politicians and entertainers, not our scientists and doctors. Maybe instead of building temples of Narendra Modi or Sonia Gandhi we should openly debate about their policies and ideas? And give our scientists as much respect as we give our saints and priests, if not more. :) 
6 years since 26/11, and the sacrifices made by the bravehearts that night still remain fresh in our memories. 26/11 will remain a scar in our history, but a scar from which India emerged stronger. #NeverForget 
Why is the #KissOfLove movement so important? Because it should not have become so important in the first place. The prospect of Indians standing up and voicing their opinions in the "world's largest democracy" became so controversial - and even violent - that some us may wonder if we're living in Iran or Afghanistan! Dear Moral Police, Indians don't feel the need to publicly display their love. We have better ways of doing that. How else do you think we became the SECOND-BIGGEST population on earth? :p But if you say we can't protest non-violently by holding each other's hands, or hugging in public, we think you should look up the phrase "freedom of expression" on the internet. It's sort of the backbone of any democracy. And what the Kiss Of Love campaigners are doing is against Indian culture? Really? Our ancestors wrote the Kamasutra! We come from a society that has for ages celebrated physical freedom. Some political parties are so offended by these protests. They could easily divert their energy and passion toward more pressing matters like rape, development and education. THAT would help India. The Supreme Court had made it clear that kissing in public is NOT a criminal offense. So, dear moral police, the next time you see a couple holding hands in public, instead of throwing something at them, just walk away. It's not like they're "doing it" in front of you. ;) They're not degrading Indian culture. YOU are, with your intolerance. 
I was in Shivajinagar today. At a traffic signal a man on a two-wheeler accidentally bumped into a couple crossing the street. The couple fell on the ground. I thought "Well, here come the swear words!" But, no. The couple and the driver just laughed. The driver helped the couple up, then they shook hands, blamed the incident on themselves, and went their way. And the people around clapped - yes, CLAPPED. I felt like I was on the sets of a Bollywood film! :p This city ... :* 
Learnt how to cook today. Because after marriage saara kaam husband ko hi karna padega! :3 Also, there's no food tastier than food you cooked on your own ... No matter how watery the sambar, how overcooked the rice, or how suspicious the aroma, it's still the best food ever! :D 
Bangalore is to officially become Bengaluru. We are "Bengalurians" now. The name sounds like Manchurians. But it's supposed to be of historical significance so we'll be good Indians and take pride in our culture. ^_^ But really, what's next? Brigade Road to be renamed Desi Road? India to be renamed Bharath? What's in a name! :/ 
Malala Yousafzai, a Pakistani, and Kailash Satyarthi, an Indian, win the Nobel Peace prize! What's surprising is how some people have reacted to Malala's victory. Some say that, at 17, she's too young to have won. And that what she's done is not "big" enough. A friend of mine actually said that she rose to fame thanks to "dumb luck"! Well, they might feel differently if they had Malala's courage and passion for education. She's a symbol of resistance against forces like the Taliban, and what she did and went through was in no way "easy". Let's appreciate such people instead of questioning their legitimacy. Congrats to both these leaders! :) 
#HappyBirthdayArnab People can say what they want, but Arnab Goswami is an excellent news anchor. Yes, he's too loud; yes, he interrupts a lot; yes, he asks too many questions. But the chaos of his show represents the exciting nature of our democracy. And he never refrains from asking the tougher and more controversial questions. Also, it's worth it to see politicians getting screwed on national television! Love him or hate him, he's got talent. 
#ModiAtMadison = #Epic. We may love him or hate him, but this man knows how to make a statement! #Respect 
#Happiness is knowing your exams are over, you don't need to touch your text books anymore, and you have 24 blissful hours left before your teachers push you down from cloud 9 by giving you your marks. 
Bilawal Bhutto said that Kashmir belongs to Pakistan and he will take back every inch of Kashmir from us ... Nice to know Pakistan has comedians too. XD 
"Scientists have invented a pill that can make Indian college students concentrate on their text books for ten hours straight." Also, Osama bin Laden came back from the dead and tweeted 'Long live America', aliens from Mars contacted NASA, and Kristen Stewart smiled like Emma Watson. ^_^ 
Some say "50 Cent", we say "Honey Singh". Some say "placements abroad", we say "only India, please". Some say "New York and London", we say "namma Bangalore". Some say "angels of heaven", we say "Deepika Padukone". Some say "William Shakespeare", we say "Chetan Bhagat". Some say "hero of heroes", we say "Sachin". Some say "carcinogens", we say "engineering text books". Some say "Rahul Gandhi", we say "Kapil Sharma". Some say "Arnab Goswami", we say "class without teacher". #EducationInReverse 
Happy Teacher's Day to all teachers! (Especially to those who gave attendance to the entire class all the time, those whose revision classes gave away all the questions of the question paper, and those who agreed to give let-offs in the last hour!!) You are our heroes! 
Thank you, Vanitha ma'am and Pulkit for nominating me to post my top ten favorite reads! It's a hard choice because all books are unique in their own way. But when I thought about it, the list seemed quite easy to make. So, off the top of my bookworm head: 10) Time Stops At Shamli - Ruskin Bond. 9) The Firm - John Grisham. 8) The White Tiger - Arvind Adiga. 7) The Inheritance Of Loss - Kiran Desai. 6) To Kill A Mockingbird - Harper Lee. 5) Uncle Tom's Cabin - Harriet Beecher Stowe. 4) The Discovery Of India - Jawaharlal Nehru. 3) The Lord Of The Rings - JRR Tolkien. 2) The Diary Of A Young Girl - Anne Frank. 1) Gitanjali - Rabindranath Tagore. I'd like to remember and nominate Kenneth Elisha, Rachel Winfred, Deepika Appaiah, Sramana Dan, Abhishek, Anurag Gaur, Eric Gerald Martin and Vinay Venugopal. Happy Reading!! :) 
A novel in your hand, sitting by the window, listening to the Bangalore rain, with a hot cup of coffee. :) #TheGoodLife 
We got freedom from the British in 1947. This year we got freedom from Rahul Gandhi. But when will we get freedom from Candy Crush requests? 
Dear Pakistan, Happy Independence Day! You may hate Indians but we'll still wish you because we're peace-loving people! We defeated you in every war that you waged against us but you still kill Indian soldiers at the LoC almost daily, you unofficially promote terror groups on your soil, you rewrite your history text books to be anti-Indian, your leaders call us heathens and threaten to destroy our "pagan land", you hate us so much that you wanted your own Independence Day to be before ours so "you could beat us"! :/ And yet we don't teach you a lesson though we can. Because we hail from the land of Buddha, Asoka, Teresa and Gandhi: we LOVE peace. Also, while you were busy with obliterating minorities, ridiculing women and deposing prime ministers, we were busy with economic development and ensuring prosperity for all. Learn something from India, O dear neighbor, and you might find it worthwhile. We want peace to prevail, but if you attack our land, you'll get screwed. Best wishes, India. 
Happy friendship day to all friends and foes!! :D 
Some can sing, some can dance. My biggest talent is watching 5 years' worth of TV shows in 5 days! B| #PrisonBreak 
Is India turning into a RAPE NATION? Our motherland is becoming a hotbed for crimes against women. Now with even an educated city like Bangalore experiencing abuse of women and children, is India turning into a misogynistic country? Our leaders don't seem to bother enough. Mulayam Singh Yadav actually had the cheek to say "Boys will be boys!" When will they learn that rapists should be given the MOST EXTREME punishment possible. Posting statuses and comments on Facebook won't amount to much. It certainly won't make a difference to the raped girl lying alone on her bed with tears in her eyes wondering why she wasn't killed and rid of her pain. It certainly won't help her parents who have to put up a brave and lively face to make their daughter happy again even though they feel like banging their heads against a wall. So let's do what WE can: let's strike at the root cause of rapes - let's RESPECT women! Why is it compulsory for a woman to wear a Saree or chudidar? Why should a woman be afraid to leave her house after 8pm? Why should a woman always search for companions for fear of traveling alone? And since when did masculinity = womanizing! It's not about if feminism is right or wrong. It's because molestation and rape ARE WRONG. Such atrocities have no place in our country. Let's do our little bit, then maybe the world will be a safer place for women. Let's respect women. Let's respect each other! :) #NoMoreRapes #RespectWomen 
A 6 year-old girl is brutally raped in Bangalore. Chief Minister Siddaramaiah is snoring when the issue is being discussed in the Assembly, on live TV. Welcome to India! 
Karnataka MLAs have proven their illiteracy yet again. After proposing a law banning skirts for girls last year, they now want to ban mobile phones in colleges because, apparently, "mobiles lead to girls being raped"! So does that mean every college-going boy is a probable rapist? If that's not screwed logic, I don't know what is. It's okay for MLAs to watch porn in the Assembly, okay for them to dance shirtless in the Parliament, okay for them to have fist fights on live television, okay for them to use abusive language during interviews, okay for them to commit any such atrocities, but dangerous for us students to carry mobiles to college. Such laws are archaic, medieval and plainly stupid, especially for a progressive city like Bangalore. Really, why are our leaders so narrow-minded? 
Sachin Tendulkar is playing again! Modi was right - acche din aa gaye hai!! 
I don't understand this hate between Maria Sharapova fans and Sachin fans. So what if Sharapova doesn't know Sachin? Does that make either any less of a sporting legend? They're both icons in their own sport so let's stop being so insecure and sensitive. #Sachin 
Teacher: Where is your homework?? Me: Suarez ate it! :p #WorldCup 
After a month of holidays, I learnt the most worthwhile thing today: the Alphabet song and 'Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star' have the same tune! #Education 
Yet another season of #GameOfThrones is over, and now we have to wait an entire year before they start killing off the main characters again. :/ 
My typical gym schedule: Monday, cardio. Tuesday, weights. Wednesday, fifteen year break. Repeat. 
#AAP is falling apart - member by member. Arvind Kejriwal has to realize that it's the Aam Aadmi Party, not the Arvind Kejriwal Party. He began with the aim of changing politics, but in the end politics seems to have changed him. 
Money can't buy happiness ... It can, however, rent it. 
Question: Why did Arvind Kejriwal cross the road? Answer: Because the TV cameras were on the other side! #Twist #Populism 
#Congress leaders are lucky. If Priyanka Gandhi doesn’t agree to lead their party they can always go to Tiger Shroff. I mean, both of them look alike and both of them have no political background. If only Tiger Shroff was renamed Tiger Gandhi .... 
Narendra #Modi will be sworn in as India's 15th PM today. How about a Rahul Gandhi joke to commemorate this historic event? Here goes: "Rahul Gandhi was the BEST thing that ever happened to Congress. He was a TALENTED orator and India WILL miss his charismatic presence. May his journey back to Italy be SAFE. Ciao, Pappu!" XD #AllTheBestModi 
KFC and McDonald's say they're going to start putting religious quotes on their food cups. I think the very first one will say, ‘Jesus Christ! This cup is so expensive!’ 
Dear Mr Manmohan Singh, Your term as the (accidental) Prime Minister has finally ended. It seems that the only lasting contribution your government made was as a source of Manmohan-is-mum, Rahul-is-Pappu and Sonia-is-Queen jokes. They helped lighten the national mood in an era of scams, scandals, economic stagnation and limitless corruption. Mr Manmohan, we only knew you as the namesake PM. Sonia Italiana was the absolute ruler. But you took the blame for all of UPA's countless failures, when it should've been Mother & Son. You failed to notice that your biggest enemies were not Anna Hazare, Arvind Kejriwal, Advani or Narendra Modi. Your biggest enemies were in fact the Mother & Son duo, who shamelessly exploited your loyalty to safeguard their family's legacy. We really hope history will be kind to you and remember you for the brilliant finance minister you were, and not for the accidental PM that you became. We won't miss you much, but we truly hope you won't be hated much for the faults of India's First Family. Best wishes, India. #AllTheBestModi #FarewellManmohan 
We have a new Prime Minister. And guess what?? He talks!! #AllTheBestModi 
Reporter to #Modi: "Sir, in this moment of victory, what is your concern, if any?" Modi: "I hope Mallika Sherawatji doesn't post another video congratulating me!" #TheUnrealTimes #ModiHeadsTo7RCR 
Did you listen to Narendra Modi's victory speech? I think he's already spoken more as PM than Manmohan Singh spoke his entire term! -_- #AllTheBestModi 
AAJ KE BAAD MODI SARKAAR. #ExitPolls 
Teacher: Where's your homework? Me: Where's Leonardo DiCaprio's Oscar?? 
#KeepCalmAndSupportRCB 
Everyday, when I read the newspaper, I wonder, "Well, aren’t we a waste of two billion years of evolution." 
ABCD for Arnab Goswami's panelist: "A: Arnab ... B: But, Arnab ... C: Can I speak, Arnab? ... D: Do I get a chance to speak, Arnab? " 
Rahul Gandhi as PM? Why? Just because his father, grandmother and great-grandfather were PMs? Okay, I have experience in flying Paper Planes in kindergarten, so can I become the Aviation minister?? If Rahul Gandhi becomes PM, there might soon be a show on POGO and Cartoon Network called "Rahul Gandhi as PM". XD I think UPA has better contenders than Rahul Gandhi for the top post. Just because he's Indira Gandhi's grandson doesn't make him entitled to the PM post. Last time I checked, this was the Republic of India, not the "Archaic Monarchy of the Nehru-Gandhis". I have nothing against Congress, but dynastic politics has to go. #DownWithDynasticPolitics #RahulGandhi. 
My favorite mythical creature?? The honest politician. 
#Rajnikanth can do many things. The only thing he CAN'T do is make #RahulGandhi prime minister. Because nobody wants that to happen. 
I thought I was not creative enough ... until I bought a gym membership and then came up with excuses for not attending the gym. XP 
#NarendraModi is unstoppable. He has too many powerful friends. Ambani. Adani. And now, Rajani. _/\_ 
Some people say Indians can cross oceans to fight for democracy, but on Election Day they won't cross the street to vote. Well, we proved them wrong. XD Voting was an altogether unique experience for me. Here's to a new and better India! #voteforchange #elections 
Today, Karnataka votes. The vote is probably the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men. I don't care who you vote for as long as you vote. Let's build our nation together. #Elections. 
#NarendraModi recently met #Rajinikanth. Rajinikanth assured him that, with Rajinikanth's help, BJP will not only win in India but also in America, Russia, France, China, Spain and Japan. 
#RahulGandhi is multi-talented: he can talk and piss you off at the same time. 
Sign in a clinic: "Smoking Helps You Lose Weight ... One Lung At A Time!" XD 
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move dead bodies. 
Sonia Gandhi: "Manmohanji you're retiring. At least now open your mouth. Say something." Manmohan Singh: "Ab ki bar Modi sarkar!!!" XD 
A religious man is a man who feels repentant on a Sunday for what he did on Saturday, and will do again on Monday. 
Rakhi Sawant will contest the elections. I thought we had enough clowns in Indian politics? 
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible/Gita/Quran a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me – they're cramming for their final exam!! 
In India, the most common solution to any kind of mobile or computer problem would be, "Switch off kar ke on kar, thik ho jaega!"
Politics: Where people work hard to get a job and do nothing after they get it. 
Rate at which things are going, maybe one day the entire English language will be reduced to emoticons. We'll return to writing Egyptian hieroglyphics then. :/ ;) 
When Modi was named BJP's PM candidate, I bet Congress hoped that Narendra Modi was an Apple product so that he would be completely obsolete in six months. #Modi #Congress #BJP 
You can't put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head. 
Don't be superstitious. It's bad luck to be superstitious. ;) 
Our generation is unfortunate because our relatives are more interested in our grades than in us. 
Welcome to namma Bengaluru, where you need to look either side while crossing a one-way road. 
Happy International Women's Day! I don't know about you, but I personally trust a woman's instinct more than a man's reason. Here's to all those mothers, wives, daughters and widows who've redefined our world .... 
These days we don’t drive on the left of the road, we drive on what is left on the road. 
In Bangalore, if you throw a stone you either hit a dog or a software engineer. 
We don’t find cartoons in our textbooks possibly because most of them are in the parliament. 
I think aliens exist. If God created only human beings in the universe, I'd say He was underestimating His abilities. 
The things that can unite Indians any day: cricket matches against Pakistan, Bollywood, high prices, and Rahul Gandhi jokes. 
The difference between India and the US is that the US develops because of its government; India develops despite its government. 
In India, to become rich you have to become a politician and to become a politician you have to be rich. 
Is your land in danger of being acquired by the government? Don’t worry, keep calm and build a temple there. 
India is an incredible country where actors are playing cricket, cricketers are playing politics, politicians are watching porn and porn stars are becoming actors. 
In India two things never leave you - your caste and your high school marks. 
How come you never see a headline like 'astrologer wins lottery' or 'psychic predicts natural disaster'? 
Arvind Kejriwal resigned ... Hmm. The only thing shorter than his role as CM of Delhi was Amitabh Bachchan's role in The Great Gatsby. 
Mr Rahul Gandhi is a man who thinks that international affairs means dating a girl from out-of-town.