Anyone registering for this? Sounds interesting! Adithya Abraham Philip, you must do it for sure if not anyone else :) PS: Included just a few names which came to my mind. I might've missed a few. 
LinkedIn to acquire Lynda.com for $1.5b Will the synergy of lynda.com and LinkedIn is going to overtake more open portals like coursera? Learning-online-at-your-own-pace is a big deal now even though people procrastinate on actual learning! 
https://code.google.com/codejam/schedule.html Registration is open for Google Codejam and the Qualification Round is just a week away (Apr 11th Saturday 4:30 AM to Sunday 7:30 AM IST)? 
http://visualgo.net/ Great work and an inspiration for the students of Computer Science. Kudos to Dr Steven Halim of National University of Singapore (NUS) and his amazing team of students! http://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~stevenha/ 
Haven't you registered yet? 10 days to go for a 24-hours hackathon at PES University. 
undefined 
Have registered to go on 26-28 (Friday-Sunday) June 2015. 
Guru turned 4 years! 
Becoming great at programming isn't rocket science, but is computer science :) 52 hours is all it takes to be a great programmer! I'm not sure. Starts at 6 PM on this Friday (9th Jan).. Just an hour per week in 2015 is all it takes.. Great! 
Orientation to Computer Science and Engineering B.E./B.Tech. students by Dr. Kavi Mahesh (Kavi Mahesh), PESIT/PES-University, Bangalore. Why do our students study Computer Science and Engineering, and not just Computer Engineering like other branches (Mechanical Engineering, etc.)? 
Goodbye 2014! Hello 2015 :) 
Mysore trip 
Mysore trip 
It was a good fun at The Village Restaurant with family. Village themed buffet with a lot of space to walk around is great for kids. 
Poker marathon a week back 
Worldcup follower: Bel or Rus? Me: Belarus. What's with Belarus? 
Boy: Wow! Messi. What a goal. Dad: Your life is a mess because you don't have a goal. 
My bro: Give me directions to go to Modi hospital from Deve Gowda petrol bunk. Me: Try asking Deve Gowda because he recently met Modi (even though he insulted Modi before elections). 
Warning: Smoking causes cancer. For software developers: Smoking throws CancerException (we know you don't care for Warnings!) 
Narendra Modi was never meant to win AIADMK MPs on his side because they think Amma is the party but Modi thinks party is his Amma (Mother) 
If you think "String" and "Thread" are two entirely different things, then you know computer programming 
We have Jaya, Maya and Mamata. But now looking at coolheaded #AnandibenPatel, it feels like we finally have a woman CM in the country. 
My bro who is not following politics so much now a days saw the new lady CM of Gujarat on TV and said "is she Modi's wife?" I was like, it's Modi, not Lalu ;) 
Dear #AAP, we need you in another 5 years if #BJP disappoints the country. So please don't shoot yourself in the foot. #ArvindJailed 
An aam admi would've paid Rs. 10k bail amount to avoid jail for 3 days. #ArvindJailed 
Who says the Congress leaders never oppose the mother-son Gandhis decisions. They unanimously opposed when the Gandhis tried to resign. #GandhisShielded 
Narendra Modi has started off very sensibly.. Friday afternoon, when it was known that he has won in Vadodara, he had the victory rally there and thanked Vadodara people to represent them at the center. Vadodara people won't feel a PM candidate used the constituency and didn't care about them after the victory. If he had spent time in digesting the results across the country, he'd have missed the right moment to address Vadodara people. Later in the evening, he made another victory rally at Ahmedabad to thank the whole of Gujarath for making BJP to win all the 26 seats. In his speech, he also smoothly transitioned his status from Gujarath CM to India PM. Gujarath people will feel proud for their man to become the PM. With two rallies in Gujarath on the result day, instead of spending time with the winning MPs, party leaders and press-meets. That was a great move. In those two speeches, he covered everything the whole country wanted to hear after the NDA victory without formal meetings. On Saturday, he had to go to Delhi to meet the parliamentary board of BJP. He started that spectacularly by a road rally from Airport to the BJP office and a small speech thanking all the BJP party workers for the victory. This connected him to the Delhi voters, Delhi BJP party workers and BJP party workers across the country. During the parliamentary meet, he did his best to get the confidence of Advani and Sushma Swaraj. This relation could stink a little bit going forward. He could have done a rally in Delhi in the evening and stayed in Delhi for detailed meetings with the party leaders. Instead, he went to Varanasi and later back to Ahmedabad. A rally in Delhi would've been great, but doing it in Varanasi on this day makes more sense. He could do Delhi rally on 20th when he's back in Delhi. Varanasi people would've felt little dull if he had postponed his visit any later. By visiting Vishwanath temple and doing Ganga-arati, he not only took confidence of Varanasi people, but also the majority Hindu religious people across the country. His speech there was inspiring too with clear mention of reviving Ganga river. I hope he didn't mean to just decorate Ganga banks of Varanasi. I hope he meant to revive the polluted Ganga river into a clean and majestic river. If he could do that to a significant extent, that would take him a long way. He also mentioned of cleaning Varanasi and making it a tourist attraction along with religious place it already is. This would automatically improve the economy and face of the holy city. And, that'd fulfill the expectations of the city as an MP. Bottom line is, Narendra Modi has started off really well and the people who've voted for NDA candidates are extremely happy so far. Everyone is hoping for the Government to do wonders so that they can vote them again in the next elections in 2019. 
Infosys share price went up by about 7% since last Friday because of possible clear majority for NDA. Assuming Nandan Nilekani had Rs. 6500 crores in Infosys shares, his assets grew by Rs. 450 crores. Who would've thought he'd be happy to see NDA to get clear majority! 
A little exit poll among friends. If you've voted today and feel comfortable sharing, "like" the appropriate comment. Discussions and arguments doesn't make sense at this point. 
Cinema theater flooded with rain water while screening Noah movie and they cancelled the show for the day. It was like end of the world for me. 
How theists and atheists think at a funeral. Theist: None of us can see him (the dead man), but he sees all of us from above. Atheist: All of us can see him now, he can't see any of us. 
Aam admi cares for a leader who cares for aam admi and doesn't care if the leader is an aam admi. 
It takes intelligence to act dumb! 
Read somewhere: If religions were true, there wouldn't be so many of them. Me: If any one religion was true, there wouldn't be any other religions. 
My dentist bro: Do you floss regularly? Me: Do you back up your computer data regularly? He: I did it an year back. Me: Same here! 
#IndiaElections2014 I don't want Congress to come to power. More so because RaGa may become the PM. AAP can't take majority seats by itself. They are most likely here to prove a point by defeating some highly corrupt politicians. If they get a significant chuck, they may have to make a coalition Government with Congress. Fear of another Congress rule. Coalition Governments are never good. They don't allow development work to happen and more chances of re-election, which is an economical burden to the country. BJP is any day better than Congress and NaMo is a great PM candidate because of his administrative style. So, we should vote for BJP this time. I don't mean to say BJP is corrupt-free. I also fear some Hindu religious enthusiasts may hijack the Government's agenda and affect the development work. PS: It's just my opinion as of today. I couldn't follow much about politics this time. So, my opinion could be too uninformed! 
Money is numbers and numbers never end! If chasing money makes you happy, your happiness never ends :) 
Why does so many people hate LGBT's (Lesbians, Gays, Bisexuals and Transgenders) freedom so much so as to defend a law to criminalize them! 
Live experience of Kapil Sharma's comedy. With Bindu Bankapur, Jayadev Bs and Shreya Bankapur 
Happy 100th (in base twelve) birthday, Gandhiji! Happy Birthday Gandhiji (Mahatma Gandhi, 1869 born) and Shastriji (Lal Bahadur Shastri, 1904 born). 
RCB fans are happy for SRH losing to MI! 
ABD rocks! More than his 50 and 26 runs of the last over, his INNOVATIVE HITS was simply brilliant! RCB scored 187. #IPL #RCB 
Both orange cap (M Hussey) and purple cap (Bravo) are with CSK players for the moment! Orange cap will go back to Gayle in a few minutes, but purple cap will stay with Bravo for sometime at least, if not till end of the season. 
Religion-caste based politics! How much of it is in action in the current assembly elections of Karnataka? Is your voting decision has a bias because of religion-caste? Is it fair for a candidate to promise a favor for a religious community as part of election campaign? Have you directly experienced a campaign trying to voo a particular religious community? 
A century in 30 balls with 11 sixes!!!!!!!!!!!! #GayleStorm #IPL #RCB 
Does this coincide with "History is written by the winners!"? What if Ravan had won the war with Ram? (An answer from Quora): "There would be a story of a benevolent king who defended his island nation against an invading army of demons and monkeys trying to recapture a liberated princess." 
RCB all over for now! - top of the list - orange cap (highest runs by Kohli) - purple cap (highest wickets by Vinaykumar) - most sixes (by Gayle) - highest score in by an individual in an innings (by Kohli) 
Gayle storm it is! #ipl #rcb 
Showers in South-Bangalore. Weekend would be pleasant :) 
Rajinikanth is not Indian, otherwise India would've got dozens of Gold medals, if not all, in Olympics! Is he Chinese? 
#IPL What a last over and what a chase RCB! Hail Gayle, AB de Villiers and Tiwary!! [cheering] aar see bee.. aar see bee 
“My country, right or wrong; if right, to be kept right; and if wrong, to be set right.” 
Karthik? who are you? 
Google+ invites are open again.. Google+ users can invite their friends. More importantly, signing up now will pass through without any "Try later" warning. 
Send me your email id if you want a Google+ invite. No, Google+ is not open to public yet. They are increasing users in Field Trial. It's open till they get enough sign ups. So, hurry! 
Before posting anything critical about our Government at the center, make sure it has not declared EMERGENCY in the country! 
Why is popcorn the most popular timepass while watching a movie in a theater? Taste can't be the reason! 
On the way to watch Kungfu panda 2. Until last 5 minutes, I didn't know it's a cartoon movie of kid's type. This is what happens with free tickets! 
A couple of my relatives.. i mean a couple, who are my relatives had a baby boy last night and today is their anniversary.. not the first anniversary. Though their son has arrived couple of hours early, that's what I call a planning.. a family planning ;) 
There's a good chance that the last 3 matches of RCB (or CSK) is with CSK (or RCB) and the latter playing one more with MI or KKR. 
We saw RCB beating CSK and MI beating KKR today. The next two matches are again with the same teams. Can't we avoid repeatation and jump to CSK vs MI match, and the winner of that will face RCB for finals! 
I couldn't come with a Rapture joke :-( It's ok, it's not end of the world ;) 
Is ignorance the only way to be blissful? 
Shane Watson playing ODI like a T20.. may be missing IPL! In the chase of 230 runs against Bangladesh, he scored 185 of 96 balls (15x4, 15x6). Had Bangladesh scored 20-30 more runs, Watson would've crossed 200 easily! Some Tendulkar fans may not like it ;) 
In IPL 2011, there are 10 team. If each play once with all other, it'll be 45 league matches. It'll be 90 if they play twice, once in each home ground. But, there are 70 league matches, each playing 14, once with all 9 teams and then second time with only 5 teams. Anyone know the explanation from the organizers? 
Any office/company is declaring Wednesday as Holiday because of Ind-Pak match by making some weekend as working day or so? 
Yesterday's match was an ideal candidate for MATCH FIXING because.. the scale of revenue of Ind-Pak match is speculated to generate for organizers and broadcasters is unprecedented! Has ICC/BCCI taken enough effort to make sure it wasn't fixed? Who cares? Everybody wants an Ind-Pak match :) 
I will be a God when I'm dead, because I won't exist just like the God. Also, because you can try praying to me instead of the God, and your wishes will be fulfilled at the same rate as that of the God. Actually, you don't have to wait till I die.. you can start your prayers right now and witness the results. In that sense, I'm already a God! 
I will be nearer to the god when I'm dead :) 
A friend of mine from the stadium says "I'm half not happy because India dint win and half happy because it dint lose".. I guess he forgot about paisa vasool :) 
I refrain from calling myself a Rationalist because it sounds more like calling myself an Intelligent. However, if you call me a Rationalist or an Intelligent, I will take it as a compliment! 
It feels GREAT when everything is going NORMAL. I wonder how does it feel when everything is going GREAT! 
Hope you've noticed in "Info" of your FB Profile, there's a field "Religious Views". If you change your language from English(US) to English(pirate), it'll say "Superstitions". Interesting translation! 
"Muslims are getting backward in Science because we (Muslims) are going away from the religion. Europeans (Christians) are getting advanced in Science because they too are going away from their religion." - Dr. Zakir Naik (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6Z1kTGM8Mo) I think he's right about the Christians! 
Happy Solar-Eclipse day! (for those on the Earth) Happy Earth-Eclipse day! (for those on the Moon) 
Love is a complex and derived feeling. Lust is a simple and pure feeling. Have a complex and pure new year ;-) 
Of course I like everything I post on the FB.. otherwise why would I post! 
Hey Richie, Thanks for suggesting PrashanthGS's link. I've sent a friend request with an humble apology. I hope he accepts my apology and joins me :) 
"With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil—that takes religion." - In year 1999 by Steven Weinberg, American physicist and Nobel laureate in Physics (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven_Weinberg) 
Two sixes in a row to get a century.. that's so not Tendulkar! 
"Google Instant" is launched now on www.google.com It's essentially searching before you even type completely! It's an effort towards Searching at the Speed of Thought.. 
Happy Deepavali :) 