
I know i'm a little late on this , but still 
When England lost 5-0 to the Aussies , they got ridiculed by their press and almost every person in their country . That we can live with , because they actually surrendered as players started retiring in between the series. They kicked out Kevin Pietersen because he apparently did not get along with his team-mates and played irresponible shots to get out. (which i still think is the worst thing the ECB has done)
And then there is Mr. Arnab Goswami. 
I just watched that News Hour Debate, and it hurts to hear stuff like this. 
How could you use words like “disgrace” and “humiliation” to describe this loss? How could you even say they surrendered and did not try hard enough. Just because Virat Kohli played a bad shot and got out does not make Anushka Sharma a bad omen . What is this stupid logic? 
That's how he plays his bloody game. 
So what's your move now? Start a debate about whether Kohli should still be in the Indian team? I am sorry but we cannot live with this bullshit.
Disgusting stuff.
#ShameOnTimesNow
About 71 percent of the Earth's surface is Blue.
So will be the SCG tomorrow . 
#BleedBlue #WeWontGiveItBack
So bloody sad watching the entire South African team in tears.
Dhoni you beauty :* 
Nishant you owe me 50 bucks :P
Can't wait for 8th Mile, RVCE! #AT15
This is a test message
Innings break when just 15 more runs is required and here I am waiting for the next 'mauka'  advertisement.
Complete dominance by India :D 
We just proved why we are the Champions and why we are the team to beat in this World Cup. 
#BleedBlue #WeWontGiveItBack
And it's 6-0 to India. 
Those fireworks must have an expiration date! :P
#WeWontGiveItBack #BleedBlue
Hats off to these players. This nation is not just winning games, but also winning our hearts. 
Vinay
AB De Villiers. You beauty :*
The most experienced player in this Indian cricket team is Ishant Sharma. Lol.
Dhoni retires from Test cricket at the worst time possible. :/
BCCI Selectors , if you're watching Ranji Trophy please get Yuvraj Singh back into the World cup squad.
R.I.P Philip Hughes. This is indeed a black day for Cricket .
Apple pay makes Google wallet look so bad. :o
Apple WATCH. 
Frikkin amazing device. Wow. 
Just wow.
28 years.
A historic win . 
Ishant Sharma's amazing short bowling and England's careless batting helped us :D 
Goo India :D
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2697432/The-Big-Bang-Theorys-Kaley-Cuoco-stars-demand-1-million-episode.html

1 million frikkin dollars for an episode?
Wtf o.O
I don't see an 8th season coming out :P
And we are down to the 5th and final set . 
Go Federer :D. This has to be the 18th .
Tendulkar vs Warne.
Simply the biggest cricket game . :D
5 wicket haul for Binny :O
Can't believe what I'm watching :O
Okay India all out for 105 against Bangladesh. Dafuq?
Bet the Portuguese did nazi that coming.
A year without posts related to Game of Thrones = peace.
Just finished season 1 of House M.D. 
AMAZING show :O
Best part of the match .
When the whole stadium started shouting "RCB, RCB "
:P
Bangalore \m/
Fireworks were just amazing :O
=D
That moment when Raina pulls Johnson for a six :D
Shows the hard work he has put in for the short stuff. Great signs.
UNBELIEVABLE scenes :O
Best match ever in IPL history
Hats off :o
DIal 466442 for Steyn :P
Robin Uthappa is making a strong statement in this IPL. Obsolutely loved his stroke play. 
Would be amazing if he makes his comeback for the Indian team :D
Deserves it thoroughly.
TBBT season finale :/
Chris Gayle out of IPL 7 :'(
Let's bring in Sangakarra :P
One of the best innings you would ever see. 
And it came from the classy Yuvraj Singh :'D
That last six was just breathtaking.  :O
Loving Yuvraj's intent today :D
Frikkin 400 on 400 in PCMB :O
Wth Vaibhavi . You bloody useless piece of crap :P
Congrats idiot :O
I'm so proud of you :')
And I've been a great senior xD
How does one strike the ball so well? O.o
Maxwell . Wow
Tried getting the same effect but failed :P
Grayscale FTW :P
Happy birthday Girish :P
Aman's stupid idea this was. :P
And Chris Gayle is back :D :D
Why did Barty Crouch Jr. quit drinking?
Because it was making him Moody =P
Can't wait  to see Pietersen in action today :D
I don't think there is a better team player than Maxwell :O
Best in the Business. 
Wow.
Yuvraj Singh's slog sweep. :D
Yashas you would've enjoyed that :D
He is back with a bang people. 
Go RCB :D
Half century for Ashoke Dinda. =)
Where is Gayle? O.o
I'm still watching them celebrate. 
Just to see Virat Kohli get the Man of the Tournament.
It's just sad when you see Kohli so frustrated.
Virat Kohli you beauty :D
And let's not take any credits away from R.Ashwin . 
What a performance by the team. 
Goo India :D
#BleedBlue =D
It's so irritating when critics say India can't play away from home, they can't play short pitched stuff blah blah blah.  
And now we see Australia and New Zealand clueless against spinners. Why don't people say they can't play in sub-continental conditions? 
Every team is comfortable  at home. And every team struggle away from it. 
So everyone just give time for the Indian team. :D
That joy you get when Yuvraj Singh hits the ball out of the park. :D
Form is temporary. Class is permanent :D
Bronte EcKermann, the inventor of LED stumps says that if India manages To win the World T20 he would consider giving MSD an LED stump. (which costs as much as an iPhone ) :D :P
Goo India =D
What a chase by the West Indies :D 
Amazing scenes in the stadium. 
And Gayle falling while celebrating xD
I guess this is a plan so that Leonardo DiCaprio keeps giving us great films. 
Maybe he will get an Oscar for his last movie :P
This match tells us how much Virat Kohli trusts his frontline bowlers and how offensive he is in his captaincy.  
Hats off.  
India will bounce back soon. 
Let's just trust them and move on :D.
Oh God. Please save me from this stupid game .
Happy new year people :) 
Have a great year ahead :D
After Day 1 of the 2nd India vs SA test. 
Morkel: The pitch is more like a "Sub-continental" one . That's why I think batting is easier. 

These South Africans. The excuses they give -.-
People keep talking abt demons and radioactive . 
Bleeding out by imagine dragons is equally good :O

So today I had my comp pracs
First question he asked me for the Viva
"So. Did you have breakfast?'
I said "Yes sir" with a confused look
He then said" Good! I dint have mine yet" 
And then he successfully ate my head later on -.-
And yet again Zaheer gets Smith out :D
Virat kohli. What an innings :O
Amazing :D
The Urn retUrns xD 
Australia FTW :D
Finally. The moment I've been waiting for , for so long . 
Bye bye theoretical chemistry :D
Today is birthday's Rajnikanth :D
Mitchell johnson 
Whoa. Bowling at its very best :D
The most emotional speech I've ever heard. 
Brought tears to my eyes. Brought tears to maybe  everyone who heard it. 
I've never seen a man so humble and with so much respect and  love for the game of cricket. 
Never did he late fame take over his cricket. Never did he ever give up . Thank you Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar.
You will remain in our hearts,  forever . 
#GodOfCricket.
Thank you Sachin for all the memories you have given us. 
#ThankYouSachin
Cricket will be divided into two era's after November 18th. 
Before Sachin and after Sachin
#Legend .
And I still have no clue what's wrong with whatsapp -.-
Triple integration it seems.
Like one wasn't enough -.-
One of the best matches you would have ever seen. 
What a series. Whoa. 
This is exactly how I imagined a series between the No. 1 and the No. 2 sides in ODI's . 
#Awesomess
#BleedBlue
Gooo India :D
Helicopter shot :D
Rohit sharma just broke 3 records in 3 minutes :O
1.Most no of sixes in an innings by an indian.
2.Highest individual score in bangalore.
3. Highest individual score by an indian against australia 
#Respect
May this Diwali light up dreams, hopes, undiscovered avenues and everything , bright. Happy Diwali :D
11 hundreds while chasing 
All 11 matches won :D 
#Respect
#TakeABow
Maybe the greatest ODI batsman ever . Kohli you rock :D
Nishant dude. Dafuq just happened? :'D
Ishant Sharma haters everywhere. 
Count me among them -_- 
This is ridiculous. What the hell was he thinking -_-
But anyways. Well played faulkner.
I just pray ishant sharma is not in the squad next game.
You've got to respect this man 
What a batsman. What a leader. 
M.S.Dhoni :D
#Awesomeness
#TakeABow
Borrow money from a pessimist.
They don't expect it back. :'D :P
Amun occhpul is senti boy.
Optimist: The glass is half full.
Pessimist: The glass is half empty.
Chemist: The glass is filled with half liquid state and half gaseous state. :P
Fegits.
Happy Ganesh chaturthi everyone :)
Omg. What a day! :O 
Thanks everyone for coming and making my day an unforgettable one :)
And of course rip me off :P
Love u guys and gonna miss u loads people :)
Thanks a lot for the wishes everyone :)
I wasnt able to send by message dude. Some stupid problem.
That awkward moment when you're pipetting a solution, and it goes into your mouth .
Blech -_-
Finally! 
The much awaited college life ! :D :P. Not exactly what we expected. But we can live with it :D 
Time to flood pesit with deeksha students :P
Cheers to our "going to be" awesome batch :)
Best ever friendly fire game played :P
Tushar dude :P
Finally we can see the old Michael Clarke back :D 
#ashes
Once rajnikanth taught a baby to talk . 
Now that baby is called Arnab Goswami :P 
#epicness 
Tushar Rajesh Neha Athreya :P
Shreya dude :P
ASHTONishing agar 
What a debut :O
Hats off.
M.S.Dhoni. The Sri Lankan team's nightmare :D
Ashton agar :O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-xHcvug3WI
:O :O
