

Post test.
Post test.
Post test.
Secret life of an American teenager and 2 broke girls. Love these shows   <3
Saha. From Kolkata and screwing Kolkata.
Wait, that's Mamata Bannerjee.
Let's explain to him in his own terms. The ball before it crosses the stump is like an undercooked uthappa. Let the ball pass man. Cook the uthappa, Uthappa.
Only Sehwag and Yo Yo Honey Singh can give so many consecutive hits from Punjab.
So Smriti Irani shouldn't be the HRD minister because she's not highly educated?
Bihar had a chief minister who couldn't even sign. What'd you say about that?
So Twitter has joined Rajinikanth, I hear :P
DD are currently batting at a magnificent rate of one wicket per over.
Onion prices up 278%, tomato 122% in one year. Food inflation up to double digits. The government is living up to its name now. Inflation UPA ja raha hai.
West Indies are batting at a magnificent rate of one wicket per over.
CBI director Ranjit Sinha says "if you can't prevent rape, you enjoy it."
Good move, Sinha ji. Since you can't dazzle them with your wit, you baffle them with your bullshit. Very good.
Yesterday, there was no power for 8 hours and we lost our minds.
Then I thought of our Manmohan Singh. He hasn't had power for 8 years. ;)
But today, he's been ranked the world's most powerful Sikh. What an irony, what an irony.
Light a lamp and welcome goddess Lakshmi to your house on this auspicious eve of Lakshmi pooja. Tomorrow, she will go back to Swiss bank. ;)
I think the Sharmas have a give and take policy. Rohit takes. Ishant gives. 
Huhuehuehuehue.
Happy Diwali folks!
Around this time in the Treta Yuga, Rama returned to Ayodhya. But before that, it was ruled by a pair of slippers. 
Still better than the palm that rules the country now. ;)
Aman Achpal If I threw sodium chloride at you, would that be a salt?
if (rand()%2 == 0)
{ me();
}
Call me maybe. 
Harish Chandramouleeswaran Varun R Bharadwaj Ranjith Rad :P
Question on Quora: 
"Why do most children follow previous trends to fill IIT-JEE preference lists instead of going by their own interests?"
Anonymous answer:
"The same reason as why they wrote IIT JEE in the first place."
--
True that?
Which is the most doubtful college of engineering?

RV College of Engineering.(?)

Harish Chandramouleeswaran Varun R Bharadwaj :P
Harish Chandramouleeswaran Yo momma's so mean, she has no standard deviation. :P
Why does Python live on land?

Because it is above C level.

Harish Chandramouleeswaran
Finch, your ball's here in Whitefield.
Meanwhile N Srinivasan is trying to convince Jayalalitha that Chris Gayle is a Sri Lankan.
How do you say "I laughed yesterday" in Hindi?

Michael Hussey
A straight tube is drilled between two points (not necessarily diametrically opposite)
on the earth. An object is dropped into the tube. How much time does it take to
reach the other end? Ignore friction, and assume (erroneously) that the density of
the earth is constant.
Varun R Bharadwaj Ranjith Rad Harish Chandramouleeswaran
Whats the object-oriented way to become wealthy?

Inheritance.

Harish Chandramouleeswaran
You are given a random number (evenly distributed) between 0 and 1. To
this, you add a second such random number. Keep adding numbers until the
sum exceeds 1, and then stop. How many numbers, on average, will you need?
When the sum ﬁnally exceeds 1 and the game stops, what is the average result
for the sum?
Harish Chandramouleeswaran Varun R Bharadwaj 
Please note that t1+t2+...+tn=1 is the hyperplane with d=1.
Harish Chandramouleeswaran
You are given a random number (evenly distributed) between 0 and 1. To
this, you add a second such random number. Keep adding numbers until the
sum exceeds 1, and then stop. How many numbers, on average, will you need?
When the sum ﬁnally exceeds 1 and the game stops, what is the average result
for the sum?
Too tough da :P
Those writing the board exam, please come in regular uniform(grey striped one that makes decent people look worse) and black shoes to add to the clumsy outlook.
Those opting to use the bus facility to go to the exam center, please be in school by 8:15 (by 8:30 max Harish Chandramouleeswaran)
Happy Rajnikanth, birthday.
"The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice."
Why did the programmer confuse Halloween with Christmas?
Because OCT 31 = DEC 25.
Q: Why do chemists call helium, curium and barium the medical elements? 
A: Because if you can't helium or curium, you barium.
Anyone wondered why Biologists suck at math?
Because Biology is the only science in which multiplication is the same as division.
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science.
There are only 10 kinds of people in this world: those who know binary and those who don’t.
Ranjith Rad, Sanjana Gurjar, Abhijit Kr
What do Rachana Chandrashekar and a black hole have in common?
They both suck.
Fantastic bowling by Dale Steyn. Fantastic fixing by RCB.
A DLF Gaylestorm! Was under pressure I believe. More than 120 under pressure. We could use some more pressure...
What do you call a dancing cow?

Guidance.
Will the the dark microcosm of an epidemic of corruption and short-term frenzy to make a fast buck, which has swept India like an avalanche, affect today's match?
RCB bowlers should extend their run up till the boundary and stay there.
Ah I get the pleasure of updating my status, while being trapped in an elevator!
And the Gayle storm is blown away!
I have never seen so many boundaries in one innings! RCB needs fielders in the stands. This is insane batting!
Maybe they'll sell the space on the coin next season.. Toss the coin, call for DLF or Volkswagen ..
CSK now has a winning strategy in place:
Batsman: Morkel
Bowler: Morkel
Fielder: Morkel
Sub fielder: Morkel
Coach: Morkel
Physio: Morkel
Calamity after calamity! Yesterday earthquake, today Gaylestorm!
And RCB does it again! What a fantastic loss!
What is an RCB player's favourite movie? 
Gone in 60 seconds.
Where's the Gayle storm? It's not even drizzling here.
Breaking news:
.
.
.
.
.
Suicidal Twin Kills Sister By Mistake!
So CSK compensates for their miserable loss against MI, with this fantastic win, by 74 runs. Excellent bowling by Jadeja!
Commentator: Taken a nasty blow there. It's a very very unpleasant place to be struck. Generally you would say it almost cut him into two. That's the only place where the batsman gets hit and he gets no sympathy.
GK: The pain for Rohit Sharma must be getting unbearable huh?
Levi: That's a very sensitive area, takes you down.
Good start by the Mumbai Indians. The first and last 20 overs will be very crucial for the Chennai Super Kings.
A doctor was addressing a large audience in Oxford ... 

"The material we put into our stomachs should have killed most of us sitting here, years ago. Red meat is full of steroids and dye. Soft drinks corrode your stomach lining. Chinese food is loaded with MSG. High transfat diets can be disastrous and none of us realizes the long-term harm caused by the germs in our drinking water. But, there is one thing that is the most dangerous of all and most of us have, or will eat it. Can anyone here tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?"

After several seconds of silence, a 70-year-old man in the front row raised his hand, and softly said, "Wedding Cake."
What do u call a woman in heaven? An Angel. 
A crowd of woman in heaven? A host of Angels. 
And all woman in heaven? PEACE ON EARTH!
Concentrated H2SO4 ne poora.. poora 11th standard jala daala..
Holy cow !
21 Economic Models ... explained with cows

SOCIALISM
You have 2 cows.
You give one to your neighbor.

COMMUNISM
You have 2 cows.
The State takes both and gives you some milk.

FASCISM
You have 2 cows.
The State takes both and sells you some milk.

NAZISM
You have 2 cows.
The State takes both and shoots you.

BUREAUCRATISM
You have 2 cows.
The State takes both, shoots one, milks the other, and then throws the
milk away...

TRADITIONAL CAPITALISM
You have two cows.
You sell one and buy a bull.
Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows.
You sell them and retire on the income.

SURREALISM
You have two giraffes.
The government requires you to take harmonica lessons.

AN AMERICAN CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You sell one, and force the other to produce the milk of four cows.
Later, you hire a consultant to analyze why the cow has dropped dead.

VENTURE CAPITALISM
You have two cows.
You sell three of them to your publicly listed company, using letters
of credit opened by your brother-in-law at the bank, then execute a
debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get all
four cows back, with a tax exemption for five cows.
The milk rights of the six cows are transferred via an intermediary to
a Cayman Island Company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who
sells the rights to all seven cows back to your listed company. The
annual report says the company owns eight cows, with an option on one
more. You sell one cow to buy a new president of the United States ,
leaving you with nine cows. No balance sheet provided with the
release. The public then buys your bull.

A FRENCH CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You go on strike, organize a riot, and block the roads, because you
want three cows.

A JAPANESE CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You redesign them so they are one-tenth the size of an ordinary cow
and produce twenty times the milk. You then create a clever cow
cartoon image called 'Cowkimon' and market it worldwide.

A GERMAN CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You re-engineer them so they live for 100 years, eat once a month, and
milk themselves.

AN ITALIAN CORPORATION
You have two cows, but you don't know where they are.
You decide to have lunch.

A RUSSIAN CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You count them and learn you have five cows.
You count them again and learn you have 42 cows.
You count them again and learn you have 2 cows.
You stop counting cows and open another bottle of vodka.

A SWISS CORPORATION
You have 5000 cows. None of them belong to you.
You charge the owners for storing them.

A CHINESE CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You have 300 people milking them.
You claim that you have full employment, and high bovine productivity.
You arrest the newsman who reported the real situation.

AN INDIAN CORPORATION
You have two cows.
You worship them.

A BRITISH CORPORATION
You have two cows.
Both are mad.

AN IRAQI CORPORATION
Everyone thinks you have lots of cows.
You tell them that you have none.
No-one believes you, so they bomb you and invade your country.
You still have no cows, but at least now you are part of Democracy....

AN AUSTRALIAN CORPORATION
You have two cows.
Business seems pretty good.
You close the office and go for a few beers to celebrate.

from: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=355775804439396&set=a.295337027149941.93094.290897664260544&type=1&theater
“India is the cradle of the human race, the birthplace of human speech, the mother of history, the grandmother of legend, and the great grand mother of tradition. Our most valuable and most artistic materials in the history of man are treasured up in India only!”
- Mark Twain

The true republic: men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.
Happy Republic Day!
People having photos of picnics, field trips, annual day, articles, art works and anything fit for the school magazine please contact me.
Thank You
"If SOPA passes, and we post Pirate Bay links on the US Senate website, will they shut down their own website?"
A spiritual genius of commanding intellect and power, an inspirational youth icon, he wakened India to a new national consciousness. 
Celebrating national youth day, and the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda.
A new government 10 year survey costing $3,000,000,000 revealed that 3/4 of the people in India make up 75% of the population.
Money has recently been discovered to be a not-yet-identified super heavy element. 
The proposed name is: Un-obtainium.
A small piece of ice which lived in a test tube fell in love with a Bunsen burner. "Bunsen! my flame! I melt whenever I see you" said the ice. The Bunsen burner replied :"It's just a phase you're going through".
What do dipoles say in passing?  "Have you got a moment?"
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.

May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions!

Happy new year!
People are so worried about what they eat between Christmas and the New Year, but they really should be worried about what they eat between the New Year and Christmas.
Many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits.  ~ Girish Krishnamurthy
Why did Werner Heisenberg hate driving cars?
Because, every time he looked at the speedometer he got lost.
Mission accomplished
Written and composed by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore, the song was first sung on December 27, 1911 at the Kolkata session of the Indian National Congress. And its been a hundred years since then.
Jana Gana Mana!
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up .. they have no holidays.
Dear Santa,

What do you want for Christmas?

Regards

Rajinikanth
My toilet paper packaging says "recycled". !?!?!?!?!?
Heisenberg got pulled over for speeding. The cop says "Do you know how fast you were going?" Heisenberg said  "No, but I know where I am."
Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
I can travel through time and I do ... at the unremarkable rate of one
second per second.
Three Laws of Thermodynamics (paraphrased):
First Law:  You can't get anything without working for it.
Second Law: The most you can accomplish by work is to break even.
Third Law:  You can't break even.
"To understand something means to derive it from quantum mechanics,
which nobody understands."
My news feed is flooded with "why this kolaveri di". They'll definitely have another million views :P
Kid: Can I goto the bathroom? Teacher: Say your ABCs first Kid: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ Teacher:
Wheres the P? Kid: Its runnin down my leg
How do you wake up lady gaga?

poker(poke-her) face
"Don't try this at home" Okay, I will try it at my friend's place...
Sorry, Sarcasm falls out of my mouth, like stupidity falls out of yours
Adam and Eve were the first people on earth...Did they have belly buttons?
A DOCTOR is a person who kills your ills by pills, and kills you by his bills!
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world, there is a duck watching you.
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing it is stupid.
Always listen to your heart because even though it's on your left side, it's always right.
A bank is a place where you can get loans... if you can prove that you don't need it...
2003: Dell, Inc. no longer includes floppy on their home computers.
2007: Last CRT television set sold by UK DSG (Dixons).
2008: Last standalone JVC VHS-only unit was produced.
20XX: Last non-Smartphone mobile phone is produced.

So, when do you think we will see the end of “dumb” mobile phones? I think 2014 – am I overly optimistic in my estimate?
Counter Strike, I'm back !
Wow, this is cool. Facebook blocks your password in a post.. look - ******** !
